Hey, good morning family. Well, I have a
hard word to give, but first
off, I want to tell you all thank you
for praying for me. Thank you for being
here and being a part of this
family, this prayer channel. You know, I
was going to do this word yesterday and
I was going to tell you what the Lord is
showing me concerning America and what's
coming. But I didn't want to come out
and just give it. I wanted to pray over
it. Yesterday, like I said, I
was driving around and the Lord gave me
the word. He said, 'I want you to go
home and I want you to dig in the
flower
beds. I want you to go outside and
pull weeds right now.'I said, 'Well,
I'm going to go in and do the
video.'He
said, 'No, you're not. You're going to
go outside and pull
weeds.'I
said, 'Yes, sir.'So, I was
out there just praying in the spirit and
just pulling weeds in the flower bed all
afternoon
and just praying and asking Him, 'So,
what do you want me to say?'And He
said,
'Nothing yet. Go low. Go slow. Go low
inside. Go deep inside. Pray in the
spirit and go slow about it. Don't
be quick to deliver a word. There's no
urgency.'And
He gave me the scriptures.
He said, 'Ephesians
5:1: Be an imitator of God, as dear
children imitate
their earthly fathers. Imitate the
Lord.'And
I was like, 'So what do you mean by
that?'And
He started talking about how
He wasn't quick to go out and
raise Lazarus from the dead. The urgency
was there and everybody was pushing Him,
saying, 'Lazarus is sick. He's
dying,'and
all the things were going
around—all
the voices around Him. He
was hearing Lazarus is sick and dying,
and all the voices around Him were
trying to pressure Him to move out of
what God was telling Him to do, which was stay
still, peace,
peace. Four days go by, and Jesus goes,
and they said, 'He stinks,
Lord.'So
there was no urgency in His
spirit except to follow what the Father had
told Him to do. Then He started bringing
up Mary and Martha. Mary was
sitting at the feet of Jesus,
listening to Him, staying vertical. She
didn't do what Martha was doing. Martha
was in there probably throwing pots
and pans around, getting all upset
because nobody was in
there helping her, because she felt it
was urgent to cook
the food for all the disciples and
for Jesus. And so Mary
is
doing what we should be doing, staying
at the feet of Jesus. There's no urgency
when you're in
peace like that, is what the Lord was
showing me. Be an imitator of God. What
did Jesus do? He stayed, and He heard the
Father's voice concerning Lazarus.
And what did Mary do? She stayed
at His feet. Martha was out there doing
all the busy work,
but she should have been at the feet,
too. The urgency of the hour is staying
at the feet of Jesus, not being moved by
the circumstances of what you're seeing
in the news, thinking, 'I've got to come out and tell
everybody what the Lord
is saying.'And
the Lord said, 'No, pull
weeds.'I
said, 'Whoa, I don't
understand.'But
it's called dying to self, and
it's His channel. And that's what He was
trying to get across to me: no matter
how much you think you need to
deliver a word because you know it's
important, this is more important.
'I need you to rest.
I need you to stay right here at my feet
right now, vertical. There's much
that I need to talk to you about. And
the only way you're going to hear what
I'm going to tell you is by staying
right here like Mary.
Don't be Martha right now, Brandon. Stay
at my feet.'There are a lot of people
being Marthas, and they're running
around trying to make the first video
and be the first. He said, 'But it's
more important to be accurate, and the
only way you stay accurate is staying at
my feet. Pull
weeds.'And
I was like, you know, you have
all these things going, 'Well, I've got
to
pull weeds. Be
still.'Do
you know how hard it
is
sometimes when you feel like you
haven't heard the word and you're going,
'Well, Lord, you gave me the word,
so...'But
here I
was, and I started praying in the spirit,
and you know what He started doing? He
started showing me flowers.
I started praying
in
the spirit and I'm looking and
seeing if He's going to show me anything
else, and He started showing me
flowers. I saw beautiful lavender
flowers that looked like heaven. It was
glimpses, and I started weeping because
of
the beauty of the flowers. And He
said, 'Remember, just like George
Washington Carver, Brandon. He was the man
that talked with the flowers, and
God showed him the secret things because
he put God first, and he didn't let
the clutter cloud his
mind of what was going on around him. He
took time to spend with the Great
Creator every single day at four o'clock
in the morning. And no matter how much
was going around him, he would always
talk to the peanut, and the peanut
shared its secrets with
him.'George
Washington Carver was a great man of
God. And so I want to tell you, for what
I'm about to tell you, this came
later—more
of what He was showing me is in
store: 'A great shaking to
awaken.'He
keeps talking to me about it. And
at
this time, I was so tired.
I was dozing off, and all of a
sudden He wanted to talk more about
what's coming, and I
had
heavy eyes. I was on the
couch, and I was bobbing, doing
the old bob. All of a sudden,
He said, 'I have something to
say.'And
I went, 'Yes, sir. What's going
on?'You
know, and I started praying, and I'm
talking down low. I said,
'Well, Lord, you picked a real fine
time.'But
it's not in my time; it's in
Yours. It was when my flesh was out
of the way. I was completely exhausted,
and I told my son, 'Grab the
recorder.'I
said, 'The Father's
going to talk, and I'm really
tired right now, but I'm going to say
what He says.'But I was dead to my flesh at
that point instead of being like a
chicken with its head cut off, flapping
its
wings all around. It was
at the time when my flesh was out of
the way and He could talk the loudest.
And I said, 'You know, Lord, You really
are so amazing to me.''Focus on the
flowers today, Brandon.
Focus on the flowers.'And there will be
a lot of you who say, 'Oh, Brandon, get
to it.'I just did.
I just did. I just told you a vital
piece of the puzzle that many of you
will try to bypass because you're so
busy. But like the Lord is always
telling me, He said, 'You're in a hurry
to go nowhere.
Nothing else matters. Everything that
you're trying to achieve on this earth
is going to be gone.'Most people are
trying to build their
future and all these great things, the
wealth and all the things on this earth.
But the Lord said to me, 'Brandon,
sow
the seeds for the thousand years.
Sow
the seeds for what you'll reap
on the other side. For what you sow in
secret, you'll be rewarded
openly.'So,
this is what I saw. You know, a lot of
people are focused on the peace
agreement. They're saying,
'Hey, we're going to have a
ceasefire and all these
things.'And
if you go back to the video
where
I was praying—I gave a short on
it back in December—the Lord showed
me that they'll call peace and safety.
There'll be peace agreements. So, we
go to what the Lord's already
showed us, and now we're seeing it in
the news seven months later. Seven
months later,
and He's warning about sudden
destruction, major attacks still coming.
They are not satisfied with what they
have achieved. Iran is saying
this
because they lost so much. They
dumped billions and billions of dollars
into their nuclear program
and it was completely wiped out. A lot
of it—I don't think all of it, in
my opinion, of what I've seen in the
spirit. Not all of it, but a big majority of
it. And the Lord showed me still to come
a major revival in Iran—a major, major
revival. As they're distracted, the
infrastructure of things is going to be
very crippled, set back by decades.
The Lord said, 'like the Stone Age,
back in the decades,'because they're
going to be delayed big time. But I saw
infrastructure problems with the
electricity, with a lot of things.
And the Lord even talked about oil. So
with all that being said, what was the
next thing I told you? I warned you
about a biological attack coming out
of Syria. And many people, when they saw
the World War II video, they said,
'Brandon, you said there would be a
great betrayal.'And I said,
'Wait, it's still coming. Wait, it's
still coming.'I see these are
different visions for different
scenarios, and it's not all about what's
happening right now. This is like an
onion; it has a lot of layers.
And the next thing I believe we're going
to see is a major attack against Syria
as Iran retaliates. And the
Houthis,
the rebels, and these people out of Syria
will use some kind of biological weapon,
and they will attack them, and Damascus
will become a ruinous heap
when this takes place. I saw Turkey
come to the aid of a wounded brother. I
even have the video. This is exactly
what the Lord said: they will
come to the aid of a wounded brother, and
all the other Arab nations will be
furious when Israel strikes Syria in the
days ahead.
They weren't upset so much
about Iran. The Lord said
this was a red-headed stepchild to
their faith.
But Syria is pure blood to them; they're
upset about this for some reason. And
I don't understand all this
stuff—the
Shiites and the
Sunnis and all that stuff. It's because,
you know, it's just not what I know.
But the Lord said, 'When they attack
Syria, son, you're going to see a great
uprising.'But
not only that, there will be
troops on the ground. A major, major war
will break out when this takes place,
but this is later. But I've warned you.
When does this happen? I don't know. But
I've warned you about an uprising of
financial things with crypto and oil, and things
with the uprising of the Antichrist
and all this stuff in the days ahead
where
you see the changing
of the tide. It's coming.
It's coming, going from Western to Middle
Eastern, and you're going to see an
uprising of things. And I've told you, a
new industrial revolution. I've
warned you about a lot of stuff, and
to go and rehearse every
vision right now would be redundant and
take
too much time, and there are a
lot of you who don't want to take that
time.
But I
rehearsed
you about the Macy's and all the things
that I've told you to pray
over—the
Fourth of July, praying over our nation,
our churches, our mega-churches, from Joel Osteen
to Steven
Furtick, the
mega-churches in
this nation.
And then I saw that judgment begin in
the house of the Lord. It was a
two-sided thing: you would see
fear about people gathering
together, and then there's correction
coming to churches. I saw in California
and other mega-churches that there will be
a
major cleansing of the house because
there's been hidden sin.
That's been another
part of this. Okay, so what do I see
right now? What I saw yesterday: I saw
major cyberattacks coming. I saw major
cyberattacks
coming. And when it
happens, I saw the electric grid in
major cities being cyberattacked, and I
saw the people that were behind this. I
saw the dragon. I saw Iran. There was
more to this unfolding than just Iran in
the days ahead. Okay, so do you know
about our planes and all the weirdness
that's been going on with our flights,
and people landing wrong, doing
things right?
Planes flipping upside down—weird stuff
that we've never seen before, a lot of
uneasiness about flying.
I saw cyberattacks on planes.
I saw certain airlines that start
with an A
being attacked because of
their name.
Then I saw people flying in these jets
and their screens going black,
like a fuse messed up or something.
I
don't know how it happens, it just
goes,
and I saw all their instruments, and all
of a sudden, the plane falls out of the
sky.
Great confusion when it comes to this. I
saw the
radars and the flight
decks of all the major airports
going dark.
Confusion, not knowing how to tell the
pilots where to be in the skies, like a
movie. This was very
real and very detailed in this
vision, seeing this great
confusion coming to certain airline
industries,
trying to get people to be afraid to
fly.
Then I saw a major bank, and on the bank,
one of the words starts with an A.
That's similar to the
airplane—they're
kind of the same. That's what
I'm going to tell you. And when this
takes place, I saw people not being able
to get their money out because the
computers were down. ATMs—I saw
people at the ATM trying to put their
card in, and all the ATMs at that certain
bank were completely black. They weren't
able to have
banking because there was a
cyberattack
with the banks,
and people were panicking, trying to get
their money out, and they couldn't
because the banks were down,
trying
to mess with the economy.
Okay,
when I saw the grid for the
electricity and the cyberattacks, it
was in New York. I saw New York
City—I
saw the Big Apple, right?
What you would say, but it was like a
major American city. I saw darkness on
all of the major buildings.
And they were shining lights
somehow—I
don't know how, like generators trying to
shine lights to create power because
they didn't want people to loot.
Spotlights, you know,
trying to make things look brighter
in the city by generators. And I saw
light shining on the buildings for
reflection, because it's kind
of mirrored on the glass of the
buildings. But they were trying to make
it where it was trying to glow because
it was so dark in the city.
And that's really interesting.
I don't know, it's just what I saw, and
I'm just telling you what I
saw—trying
to shine it off the building.
So I saw all that. I saw the FAA—cyberattacks coming to the FAA.
And
I
saw
darkness on
Cuba—darkness
like a complete grid-down. And
this was on purpose and in
retaliation. There are things there that
are
not being said because
they're making ties with Russia.
And because of these ties with Russia,
certain entities are trying to
influence—they
see it, they know it's coming, they
know what they're doing. And
there's darkness coming to Cuba.
I saw darkness on it,
and I don't know
why—some
kind of cyber, I don't know,
but I saw darkness. And I've told you
that. And the mules left during the
darkness—the
mules left trying to be in the cover
of night. There's more to this.
But what we saw at the beginning
of the year with planes doing certain
things that seemed kind of off
was cyber.
There's more cyber to this.
So I tell you all this not to
create
fear, but to warn you. You know,
when I saw all the fish floating in the
water because of the volcanoes that are
about to erupt, and I saw the major
attacks. And the Lord kept bringing up
Timothy McVeigh to me, and I thought, 'Lord,
why do you keep talking about Timothy
McVeigh?'Y'all
let the
elevator go to the top, Brandon. It's
because the Lord said, 'Brandon, it's
what he used.
It's what he used. I'm telling you,
don't forget Timothy McVeigh because I'm
trying to talk to you.'It's like code
he's trying to tell me—it's what he used.
And folks, I've already warned
you in January about the fertilizer.
And I thought, 'Well, that's
interesting,'because
I added it together, because
when
I'm hearing something, I just repeat what
I hear,
and I just go, 'This is what I hear: don't
forget Timothy McVeigh.'And I'm like, 'Okay,
well, that doesn't make any sense to me in
the natural, but I'll say it.'And I say
it, and then I'm asking Him,
and I just go into prayer by myself and I...
Can I ask a question? Why do you keep
saying that? It doesn't make
any
sense to me. That man's dead. He was
executed. He says, "It's because of
how he did it and what he did."And I
said, "Oh my gosh, I was just a
kid."I
remember. So my son, we all
googled;
he used the fertilizer.
And the Lord told me, "I want
you to remember the bomb. This
stuff is still... you need to pray this.
This is very serious stuff that I'm
talking about right now, folks."And so
I bring all this to you because as
we see Iran say, "Oh, yeah, we have a
ceasefire agreement,"remember, there's
an enemy within. There's an enemy
within. And I'm telling you, thanks to Joe
Biden for doing that because they opened
the borders. And the Lord told me again
in my prayer time when he visited me,
he said, "You will be so
thankful in the days ahead for the
leadership Trump will bring in this
time,
for there is a great humbling
coming."He
said a shaking that will bring people
to their knees. That means to prayer.
Do you see that when he says
that? He said a shaking that will
awaken, that will bring people to their
knees.
And I thought, "Well, are they going to
bow down?"No, to bring you to
your knees. Here I am again. I'm
repeating what he says and I'm going,
"What does that mean? They're going
to be brought to their knees?"Well, they're
going to pray. They're going to humble
themselves and pray because all the stuff that's coming is going
to freak them out.
It's going to bring people back
to prayer.
And he said, "I'm waking up the bride.
I'm waking up the church. I'm
coming."But
a lot of these things, people think
that America is going to come out
of this and we're going to have all...
I'm not doubting that we're going to
have some good days. Ladies and
gentlemen, the Lord said, "Those that
bless Israel I will bless."And I saw
great blessing. And I heard
President Trump in the spirit realm say,
"Drill, baby, drill!"And I saw great oil
wealth. How many times have I told you
I've heard that? Well, he just did a
Truth
Social: "Drill, baby, drill. Open the
wells as the Strait
in Iran."The
Lord showed me them trying to block
things and trying to cause oil prices
and the economies of the world to crash.
They're mad. But I'm telling you, it's
in retaliation to what has been done to
them. So, they're not over, regardless of if
we try to strong-arm them. They
are
a wounded animal and they are
waiting to retaliate and strike back.
But it will be a Pearl Harbor
experience. It will be when you are not
expecting it. And that's why we have got
to get this in the spirit realm first
before it manifests. Does that make
sense? We need to know ahead of time.
And the Lord says he
doesn't
want any of us to be caught off
guard. The Holy Spirit will lead us and
guide us into all things. But it takes
us sitting at his feet like Mary,
sitting outside in the flowers, and
saying, "Stop all the
clutter."That's
what he tried to tell me. You've got to
stop all the clutter. What's most
important right now is going inward and
staying vertical. All this other
stuff—who's
saying what, who's saying
this—no.
Stay at my feet. It doesn't matter. There
are
many voices right now. There
many words being prophesied right now,
and it's not about being first; it's
about being accurate. Do you understand?
There'll be many words that are given
and they'll prove just to be hot air. I
do not want to be hot air. And the Lord
said, "Brandon, the only way you will
remain as accurate as what has been is
to keep going within, listening
to the Holy Spirit."That is what he's talking
about—getting
in this Bible, praying in
tongues, sitting at his feet. Stop.
It's not about all the hype.
Do you see? The hype is not where he's
at. He said, "I'm in the still, small
voice sitting in the garden, not the
spotlights."God
does not like the spotlights.
God likes
slow and steady wins the race,
not the hare. Fast, fast, fast, sleep on
the side. So I try to present it to you
in a way of how I'm being
corrected, because you think
you have to be so quick to do things and
the Lord says, "I'm not in it.
I'm not in it. I'm not in the
ego of it. If you
want to be with me, you're going to be
slow, just like
Lazarus."Everybody's
panicking. "He's dead. What are you going
to do? He's sick. Come pray for
him."He's
like, "I'll go. I'll go when I'm
told to."Four days. "Well, why are you
here now? Well, he stinks
now,"sarcastically.
"You're a little late.""Oh ye
of little faith. Throw the stone away.
Lazarus, come forth!"A miracle happens.
God's not in the
static. He's in that peace.
He is the Prince of Peace, ladies and
gentlemen. He is the peace that passes
all understanding, and he is not in
chaos.
He is in peace. Don't be quick to
react. Be quick to pray. Be slow to
speak. Be slow to speak. That's what he
says to me: "Be slow to speak, Brandon.
Be still, Brandon. Shh. I'm not in all
that. Be slow to speak, son.
Shh."But
I'm warning you what he says today, and
that's what I had for you because it
shook me. So I've taken the time to pray
over it,
and I saw major attacks still
coming. I saw a major shaking coming to
America
as the black horse gets ready to ride.
The Lord said, "You have a window of
great blessing."And that's why
we want to be plugged in and go to Billy
Burke meetings, go to be around
revival. Diana and
I are desperate for it. And that's the
only way you stay vertical—by being
in meetings and feeding your spirit and
getting that fresh touch. You just need
one second with the Father,
which
turns into hours because you don't
want to leave that one second. That one
second changes you, and you just go, "If I
could just get a thimbleful like this of
the living water of fresh Holy Ghost and
drink it today, it's going to change my
life forever."And that's all that
matters. I had a word for you all, and it
was about staying on the vine. And the
Lord said, "You'll see so many
ministries in the days ahead that have
detached the branch from the vine.
And you'll see you have a little bit of
life for a little bit, Brandon, whenever
you detach yourself. But eventually the
branch withers and
dies."The
fruit of it, even fruit like an apple
tree or whatever, you cut that off, there
are
some apples on it—they don't
die instantaneously,
but over the course of time, because
they're not on the vine,
they wither up. And he said, "You'll
see a lot of ministries that have
detached themselves from me that are
living off of several years ago being
on that branch, and they were a big
branch. And the bigger the branch, the
more life it had in it. But the more
they're detached from him, the more they
dry up."And he said, "The only way
you'll have true life in these last days
is if you abide in me and my words
remain in you. You must stay on the
vine for what is coming, or you will not
make it. You have to go vertical all the
time and stay on that vine.
Do not allow yourself to be separated
from him, no matter all the hype of
what's going on around you."He said, "You
will see many fearful things."If you're
going horizontal and you're looking at
all the stuff going on in the world,
the Bible says that men's hearts
will fail them for fear, looking after
those things that are coming on the
earth. That's people who are detaching
themselves. If I'm staying on him, if
he's abiding in me and I'm abiding in
him and I'm imitating him as
Ephesians 5:1 says—imitating him as
dear children imitate their
father—imitate
God.
He is not in a hurry. He's not in
chaos. He's an ever-present help in a
time of need. But he's that still, small
voice that will lead you. And it's so
important for what's coming for you to
understand: go back to the basics.
Go back to the basics. We've got to go
back to what we cut our teeth on. What
are
the fundamentals of
Christianity? Do not forget the
fundamentals. Don't make it so hard like
an
algebra equation and think, 'Well,
you know, Christianity is so
hard.'No,
it's easy for a five-year-old to have it.
Go back to the basics: ABCs,
one-two-threes.
It's all easy. Get in the Word.
Pray in tongues. Pray in English,
whatever you know. Go to church.
Volunteer. Do what you've got to do. Stay
close to the Vine.
And that's where it is every day. And
I'm telling you, it's hard,
especially the bigger this
platform gets because you're swayed by
people. You know, it tries
to pull
you—the
need of the people, the need of the
people. 'Lazarus is dead. We need you to
pray.'Hold
on, I've got to go
vertical. I've got to stay in my ABCs,
because if I don't get this part right,
this part's really going to mess up. If
I don't get my one-two-threes right,
no matter how bad I know the people need
me—no,
no. Vertical, vertical,
vertical. Keep my eyes on Jesus. That's
all that matters. Because if I hear Him,
He does the rest because it's all about
Him anyway. It's like Billy Burke
says: you attract to deflect.
Do you understand? The anointing
attracts the people to deflect
the glory to Him. We always deflect the
glory to Him.
It's important that He gets all the
glory, honor, and praise at all times,
especially for what is coming. A major
harvest of souls is coming.
And then the Lord told me, He said,
'I'm dealing with Iran, and there will
be more crippling within, and
you'll see a great change—a great
change in the church, a great change for
the people who have been behind the Iron
Curtain
that have not been able to get
the Word to them. I'm bringing that down
so
every ear will hear.
And I'm ready to deal with Kim
Jong-un and his family. And
there will be a window of opportunity,
and I saw South Korea coming in and
bringing the gospel to them as
you see a tyrant regime brought down
in the days ahead.
He is a social pariah.'And the Lord told
me, 'I'm going to deal with him.
And there will be a window of
opportunity before China tries to come
in and bring in more communism and all
the things that they try to do to try to
keep North Korea under their boot.
You'll see this.'But the Lord said, 'I'm
giving a window for My people to hear,
and they will entertain angels unaware.
A
major, major move of God is coming in
North Korea, I tell you by the Spirit of
God.'He
said, 'I've not forgotten the
people of North Korea,
just like I have not forgotten whenever
the children of Israel were bound
by Pharaoh.
I have not forgotten the Asian
people.'He
said, 'A major move of God, creative
miracles beyond anything you could
imagine.'He
said, 'Brandon, it's going to be
supernatural
like you've never seen
before—even
more so there than what it will
even be in America.'He said,
'I'm wooing the people. Great bondage has
been on them, and I'm wooing the people.
Watch.'And
so it's time to get excited about
what is coming. I tell you the
hard things, but I have to warn you
about all of it. There are two sides. And
it's time to be excited and busy about
our Father's business. So, the belly of
the ship—people said, 'What kind of
boat was that that you
saw?'After
studying, my son studied it for a while
and he said, 'Daddy, that is an oil
tanker.
It's a red...'—he even named the company
that makes it—'a red deck on a
white-looking
where the people are, where
the captain is at, with a black
belly of a boat.'It had black, red, and
white, and it was an oil tanker. And the
Lord said, 'This is what they haul major
crude out of, where that strait's
at.'And
I thought, 'That is
so wild.'This
is
what they all use. Iran, all
of them—they
all use these big oil
tankers. And that was the boat I saw
that had the dirty thing in the middle
of it, and it was oil inside there. When
it went, it just messed things up
really bad because it was an
oil tanker full of oil, you know. I tell
you about that, the
water supplies, and so
much, folks. There's so much to this,
but that's not even the fearful sights
in the heavens that you're about to see.
The Lord told me, He said, 'Brandon, a
major shaking's coming to the
electromagnetic
poles—the
way the True North and all those
things. I saw a major shifting coming to
those poles.'And He even told me, He
said, 'You'll see things with the sun.
Major disruptions on the sun are coming.
There's a binary system
that people are not focused on,
I'm telling you.'And people call it
Planet X. People call it Nibiru or
whatever, but I'm telling you, I've seen
this in the spirit, and this stuff is
real. And people go, 'Oh, that sounds
like something way out there,
Bran.'I'm
telling you, I've seen it in the spirit.
I've seen a
black-looking
planet thing that was completely blacked
out that was moving, and it
was
spooky when I was watching it move,
and I was like, 'What is that?'But I'm
telling you, something major is coming.
Something major is coming. And Gil
Broussard,
I guess, is his name, because
after I started seeing this
stuff, I was Googling, and my son was helping
me, and Diana was helping me, and we're like,
'What is this stuff?'Because, you know, when
you're seeing it, it's like, 'Is
this...'You
don't want to be flaky. I mean,
it's like, 'What in the world?'But the Lord
starts showing me this stuff, and I'm
like, 'I'm telling you, there is something
coming.'And
Wormwood is coming, but Wormwood
is not the big problem. Most people are
like, 'Wormwood's a big deal.'No, there's
more than just Wormwood. There's
more stuff coming—scary stuff coming
that people are just like, 'Oh my
gosh.'And
I'm telling you, when you see it and
it's glowing, it'll look like
those
movies with Gerard
Butler—that
asteroid movie that he
made—and
everybody's so freaked out about it,
and you see this stuff and they try
to stop things, and you see all
this stuff coming to the earth.
And I'm like, 'No, it's not
what's going to happen because the Lord
told us it's not
going to be destroyed by an asteroid.
It's going to be destroyed by fire, and
that's at the very end. But there will
be fearful sights in the
heavens.'If
you go back to Oral
Roberts'vision,
the wakeup call—go look it up,
'The Wakeup Call'by Oral
Roberts—that
has never happened. And many people are
like, 'I think that was COVID.'It's not. It
was not COVID. They try to add to it and
try to take away from it and go, 'Well,
this is what I think it was.'It's not
what you think. It's 'What does the
Spirit of God say?'Stop trying to add to
it. Follow the Holy Ghost, and He will
show you what's coming.
You cannot add to it
or take away from anything by putting
your thoughts to it. Now, I try a
little bit, but the Lord always spanks
me for it and says, 'Don't do that. You
don't know what you're doing. Keep
praying, and I'll show you
more.'Okay?
If you don't know Jesus Christ as
your Lord and personal Savior, today's
your day. You say, 'Man, you freaked me
out, sir.'It's not my intention. My intention
is
to sound the alarm
to you as loud as I can to tell you
Jesus Christ is coming, and a great
shaking is coming to this earth. You
have one more opportunity to get on the
boat, just like it said. He said, 'As in
the days of Noah, so will it be when the
Son of Man
returns.'Noah
told everybody for a hundred years
that there was a flood coming. He
warned them over and over again. And
history tells us what we can see with
even the floods and all the
different erosion over in the Grand
Canyon and all the things that we see on
our earth, that there was sea life way
high.
The floods came, and they came in an
instant.
Do you understand?
That's the way it's going to be. Jesus
Christ is coming as a thief in the
night, ladies and gentlemen. And many of
you are not ready for what's about to
take place. But today, the Lord Jesus
Christ tells me to tell you, you have an
opportunity to get on the boat.
Will you get on the boat today? All you
have to do is surrender your life over
to him. It's not hard. We make it hard.
But the Lord wants you to know that even
a child has the opportunity to accept
Jesus Christ as their Lord and
personal savior. He said, "Beloved, I
don't want that any man should perish,
but all come to repentance."And that's
women and men. Do you understand? He
doesn't want anybody to perish. But you
have a choice to make today. There's a
heaven to gain and a hell to shun. Will
you shun hell? Will you gain heaven? All
you have to do is accept Jesus Christ as
your Lord and personal savior right now.
You just have to say this simple prayer
after me. Say, "Jesus,
I believe you're the son of God. I
believe you died and rose again on the
third day. I believe you are seated at
the right hand of the father.
Jesus, forgive me of my sins. Cleanse me
from all unrighteousness.
Write my name in the Lamb's book of
life. I want you to be my Lord and
personal Savior.
Forgive me, Lord. I've been a sinner and
I need a savior.
Today I ask you to be my savior.
Today I ask you to write my name in that
lamb's book. I need you, Lord. I've
messed up a lot, but today I'm coming
home. Today I want to be set free. Today
I walk away from what I did in
the past and I go on with you in the
future.
Thank you, Lord, for accepting me, and I
come just as I am.
I love you, Jesus, and I'll serve you from
this day forward."That's all you have to
do. You say a simple prayer just like
that, but it has to be from your heart.
Now, find a Bible. Read your Bible every
day. Pray every day.
Find a Bible-believing church—a good
Bible-believing
church. If you
don't have a place to go, come here.
We'll teach you the word. You can
come here. I'll be a pastor to
you. We'll pray. We'll do
whatever we have to do until you find a
place. But find a place to go and tell
that pastor there, "Hey, I got born
again on a YouTube broadcast and I need
to be water-baptized."Get water-baptized.
Go and
volunteer. Do whatever you have to do.
Plug yourself in. If they have classes,
take some classes. Learn about the
Christian faith and what you've decided
to do today. And find books, you
know, and you just come here, we'll
help you. But if you can't afford a
Bible and you say, "Brandon, I can't
afford a Bible. I
don't have any money to do it.
Man, I'm barely making it from paycheck
to paycheck. And now you're telling me
I've got to find a
Bible."Diana
and I would love to buy you a
Bible. If you say, "I can't afford one
and I'm a brand new Christian. I need
this,"Diana
and I would love to buy you
a Bible. You tell us in the email in
this description down below. It's down
here. You just click on that and it
has
our contact information there. Click
that and say in the headline, "I need a
Bible. I got born again today."Put it
in bold like you're yelling, you know,
like in all caps. And my wife,
Diana,
is sitting behind the camera now. She
is. We're more than happy
to send you a Bible. Now, it may be a
little bit because we've done a couple
of altar calls and
we've had to catch up with all this.
Please be patient with us, but we are on
it and we're going to get you a Bible.
Whenever you email us, just
put "I can't afford a
Bible"in
the title and then if you just put
your address in the body of the email,
that way I can get that to you.
We'll send it through Amazon.
It'll be a brand new one from Amazon. So,
it's exciting.
And we won't ever use your information,
and we'll never bother you again.
It's just so we can get
the Bible to you.
I don't want to be solicited either. You
get all that junk mail in the mail and
you're just like, "Come on."I'm like, "I
don't like all that."So we won't
bother you either, but we do want to
love on you. And if you could just tell
us in the comment section right now,
tell us, "I
got born again watching this
broadcast."And
we want to rejoice with you. We want
to rejoice with you because I know that the
angels in heaven are throwing a party
right now. They're so excited because
you just gave your heart to Jesus
Christ. And we want to do it with you,
too. So tell us in the comment section.
Say, "I gave my heart to Jesus
today. And it was the greatest decision
I've ever made."I believe the peace that
passes all understanding is going to
flood your heart today. And I believe
right now that all the
old things are being broken off of
you, bondage, things like that. And I
believe that Jesus came to set the
captives free. And today is your day,
the first day of great freedom, a new
birth, a new great decision is
happening for you, a new transfer
inside of your heart, a changing of
things. We pray that part of it blessed
you. Now, we're going to pray for all
and see if the Holy Spirit has anything
for us today. Diana and I are going to
take communion with you right now for
the people, and so now, you new
believers, you can follow along. If
you want to take communion, you can, too.
So, it's all just we get
this—the
Bible says to take communion
and do it often in remembrance of
what the Lord Jesus Christ did for us.
Jesus paid the price for every single
one of us to walk in victory, to not
have to walk in sickness, not have to
walk in disease. And this is a
reminder of what he did for us. He did
so much on that cross for us, and we're
so grateful for everything he did. So
that's why I do this. It's to
remind—it's
reminding us. Thank
you, Father.
Thank you, Father.
So I lift up this body before you,
Father.
And I thank you, Father, that you were
wounded for our transgressions. You
were
bruised for our iniquities. The
chastisement of our peace was upon you.
And with your stripes, Lord, we are
healed. And I take this body right now
in the name of Jesus. And I thank you,
Father, that we're healed and whole and
well by your stripes. From the top of
our head to the soles of our feet,
we are healed and whole and well. And we
go vertical. Father, we keep our eyes fixed on
you. We keep our eyes fixed on you.
We're not looking around us at what we
see. We're not moved by what we see.
We're not moved by what we feel. We're
moved by what the word says. And Father,
I thank you for what your word says. And
you became sickness for us. You
became poor for us. You became tormented
for us. You did it all so that we could
walk in victory. And we take this by
faith in the name of Jesus.
Now, Lord, you said if we confess our sins,
you are faithful and just to forgive
us of our sins and cleanse us from all
unrighteousness. And I thank you for the
blood, Lord. And we make much of the
blood today. We plead the blood. Apply
the blood over every single one of us
all across this broadcast, all across
our homes. We thank you, Father, for the
blood of Jesus that washes our sins
away. Thank you, Lord. The blood that
protects us, the blood that washes, the
blood that keeps us whole. We love you,
Lord. And we thank you, Father, for the
great hand of protection over this
nation in the name of Jesus. Over your
nation, too.
You believe it?
It's something so simple, but it's yet
so beautiful and so holy.
We complicate our walk with the
Lord, and he wants it to
be so simple and so easy for us. He
doesn't want any of us to perish, but
all to come to repentance. And it's all
about relationship.
He wants a relationship with every
single one of us. "Well, Brandon, you do
this,."No,
every single one of
us. And there is no one greater in his
eyes and no one smaller. We're all his
children. And he loves us. We're all
part of this great orchestra called the
family of God. One plays the drums, one
plays the tuba, one plays the
bass, one plays, you know, everybody.
But as we play together, we make
beautiful
music together. One plays the flute,
Diana plays the flute, you play the
flute, you can
play the cymbals, but all of them,
even if the cymbals don't seem like a
big thing, without those cymbals, it
doesn't sound right, does it?
They all provide a beautiful noise, but
all of them together make a beautiful
noise. And it's a symphony before
the Father. And I believe that's why we
all bring our part on this channel
today. Every one of us are bringing it.
You may be the saxophone, you may be the
trumpet, but either way, when we play it
together as a family, we are so
beautiful together. We're pretty alone.
Don't you think a nice clarinet sounds
neat every once in a while by itself and
you hear somebody who's really good
at it, but when you add the clarinet
with the saxophone and that with the
trumpet and you put it all together, you
go, "Oh my goodness, that's
beautiful."In
my opinion, it is.
Thank you, Father.
No, Lord, we worship you. We're not in a
hurry, Father.
We stay vertical with you, Father. We
stay vertical. We keep our eyes upon you
today. If you lead, Holy Spirit, you
lead, I follow.
What do you have for us today? Is there
anything you want to say today? And
Father, as I press in, Father, I thank
you, Lord, that you show us that which
is to come. and we bind any satanic or
demonic force that tries to snare us or
we don't see we don't hear or see any
familiar spirits or any torment
concerning it. Father, that we only are
led by the spirit of God.
For he that is led by the spirit of God,
they are the sons of God. And I believe,
Father, that today we are the sons and
daughters of God. And we are led by you,
Father.
Holy Spirit,
you are welcome
in
this place.
Holy Spirit,
you are welcome
here in
this place.
Omnipotent
Father
of mercy
and grace.
Thou art welcome
in
this place.
For in your presence
there's healing
divine.
No other
power
can save Lord
but thine.
Holy Spirit,
you are welcome
in
this place.
Holy Spirit,
you are welcome
in this place,
Omnipotent
Father
of mercy
and grace,
thou art welcome
in
this place.
Oh Jesus.
You're glorious.
Prepare
in us your temple.
We are built as living stones
to bear
your
glory.
And as you rose
from death in power,
come rise among
our worship.
Father, we worship you.
Let our hands to You be raised. Come
clothe us with your glory.
Come draw us by our praise.
Oh, the glory
of your presence.
We your people
give you
reverence.
So arise
from your rest
and be blessed
by your praise.
As your presence
now fills this place,
as your presence
now fills this place.
Oh,
the glory
of your presence.
We
your people
give you reverence. The
presence of
the Lord
is here.
The presence of the Lord is here.
I can sense his mighty presence
in the very
atmosphere.
So whatever you may need,
reach out and receive
and say it's mine.
I take it now.
Oh, the glory
is here.
Yes, the glory
I can sense his mighty
presence
in the very
atmosphere.
So whatever you may need,
reach out
and receive
and say it's mine.
I take it now.
Sing it one more time. Oh, the glory
is here.
Yes, the glory
I can sense his mighty
presence
in the very
atmosphere.
So whatever you may need,
reach out
and receive
it. Say it's mine,
I take it now.
So whatever you may need,
reach out and receive
and say it's mine.
I take it now.
Lord, we invite you in this time of
prayer today.
Of course, it's not about us.
But Father, we wait upon the Lord.
We wait upon you. Father, we thank you
that there is a peace that passes all
understanding today that flows over
every single person that's watching this
today.
That we get lost in it, Father. I get
lost in the worship. I get lost in your
presence.
For I know, Father, that that's where
all the other stuff, all this weight,
all this stuff, all that you show,
Father, I just bring it to you.
You tell me what's coming.
I attract to deflect,
Jesus.
There's just something
about
your name.
Master,
Savior,
Jesus.
Like a fragrance
after
the rain.
Jesus.
Let all heaven
and earth
proclaim.
Kings
and kingdoms
will all
pass away.
But there's something
about
your name.
That's my favorite part of that song.
Kings
and kingdoms
will all
pass away.
But there's something
about
your name.
Jesus.
There's just something
about
your name.
Oh, he said, "I want to hear this song,
Brandon."I
heard him. He said, "I'd
like to hear that song,
Brandon."I
said,
"Okay."He
liked this song. I believe
in miracles.
I've seen a soul set free.
Miraculous
the change in one redeemed through
Calvary.
I've seen the lily push its way
up through the stubborn
sod.
I believe in miracles
for I
believe
in God.
I
believe
in miracles.
I've seen a soul set free.
Miraculous
the changing
one redeemed through
Calvary.
I've seen the lily push its way
up through the stubborn
sod.
I believe in miracles
for I believe
in God.
Oh, Father, we worship you today. We
magnify.
We magnify your name.
We magnify
your name.
your name in all the earth.
We glorify
your name.
your name in all the earth.
Holy Spirit,
we love
you.
We praise you. We
adore
you.
Glorify
your name
in all the earth.
We glorify
your name.
your name in all the earth.
So
you say, why do you sing, Braden? Because
you have to. If you want to
jump in the river of prayer, you must
give praise to the Father. Don't just
come in and say we're going to
do it because we're in a hurry;
then
don't do it at all.
You go before Him like that and
you sing Him songs. Not every time, but
there's a lot of it. I feel the
atmosphere and you change it. Change the
atmosphere.
You change the atmosphere, and it's
like a river in prayer. You go in the
rivers in prayer.
We magnify your name.
We magnify
your name
in all the earth.
We glorify
your name
above all our problems, above all that
we have going on in our lives. Now we
magnify
your name.
We magnify
your name in all the earth.
Holy Spirit,
we love you. We praise you. We adore
you.
Glorify
your name in all the earth.
We glorify
your name.
your name
in all the earth.
There's healing in the house right now.
There's healing here right now. Bondage,
bondage, bondage
is coming
off of you. Bondage, bondage, bondage,
broken off of you. Bondage breaking,
breaking off of you. Break it off of you
right now in the name of Jesus. From the
top of your head to the soles of your
feet, you're free today in
Jesus'name.
You're free today in
Oh,
breakthrough in Jesus'name. Breakthrough
in
Jesus'name.
We magnify your name.
We magnify your name. We magnify
your name
in all the earth.
We give you glory, Lord.
We
give
you
glory,
Lord.
He said, "Sing it again."I don't know
what I was singing, but it came from
him.
Hey,
hey, I know.
Isn't that amazing? I don't know. That
song came right out of my spirit and I
don't even know what it was.
That's beautiful.
That was beautiful.
Just
know,
oh Lord, you're worthy of all our
praise.
You're worthy of all our praise.
We humble ourselves before you.
We rest. We rest at your feet.
We rest at your feet.
We know
we need more.
We need more of you, less of us.
We're wall-to-wall Holy Ghost.
We decrease and you increase. We
decrease. Father,
I give more of myself to you.
Lord,
mold us.
Mold me.
Hold me.
Spirit of the living God, fall
afresh
on me.
We need
more—more
of you,
less of me.
I yield more over to you, Father.
It's like he said, "I'm not in a
hurry."He's
never in a hurry.
Oh, Father, we worship you.
The Lord said he wants to bring a
refreshing to you today.
He said, "I want to bring a refreshing
to my people today. They're weary.
Many are weary.
They're weary, Brandon.
Not about showing more of what's coming,
dealing with what I've already showed
you, but not be weary in what I've told
you."Do
you hear what he just said? He
doesn't want you to be weary. He said,
"They're weary, Brandon. They need a
drink."And
that's what this is about
today.
Oh, yeah, this stuff is going on. But he
said they have to remain hydrated.
You have to remain hydrated,
not by water, but by his living water.
You have to remain hydrated. Did I hear
the spirit of the Lord say
many are weary in the journey and he
says it's time for you to come and
drink? His yoke is easy and his burden
is light.
Come
unto me
and I will give you rest.
Take my yoke upon you.
I believe it's for me.
I am meek and
lowly
and my burden's light.
My yoke is easy.
Come
unto me
and I will give you rest.
I love those old hymns. I don't know all
the words to them, but I remember them
as a little boy.
Take my yoke upon you.
Ah, I feel the anointing of the Holy
Ghost.
I am meek and low
and my burden's light.
Take
my yoke upon you.
Come
unto me
and I
will give you rest.
Take my yoke upon you.
Hear me and be blessed.
I am meek and lowly.
Come and trust my might.
Come, my yoke is easy
and my burden's light.
Come
unto me
and I
will give you rest.
Take
my yoke upon you.
Hear me and be blessed.
I am meek and
lowly.
Come and trust my might.
Come, my yoke is easy
and my burden's light.
I like that.
Hallelujah.
And his burden's light.
He said, "My people are
weary,"and
he said, "Brandon, I want to bring
an
oasis of water to them. Come and drink.
His burden is light.
His burden is light today.
All ye that are heavy laden."He said all
this stuff going on in the world right
now, he said, "Don't be weary in
well-doing."He
wants to bring you a
refreshing today. It's not all about
just seeing; it's about
focusing on him and just
sometimes
getting a good drink because we become
spiritually dehydrated.
And in that refreshing
drink, it's like a big drink of
Fiji
water but a lot better. You'll thirst no
more. You see what I'm saying? You'll
thirst no more. It's like he told
the woman at the well. Like the woman at
the well, I was seeking
for things that could not satisfy.
And then I heard my Savior speaking,
"Draw from the well that never shall run
dry.
Fill my cup, Lord,
I lift it up, Lord.
Come and quench
this thirsting of my
soul."We
thank you for the refreshing that
you're doing for your
people today. The people are getting a
drink today, Father. Father, we lift up
this time of praise and worship to you.
We thank you, Lord, that you know what
we need before we ever needed it,
and all the stuff that's going on in the
earth right now. Father, we could
be busy about doing it all, always
keeping it stirred up, Father, and
we become spiritually dry. And
Father, there are times when we just take
a timeout and just say, "Father, we're
thirsty.
We need a new drink."And he said, "I
don't want my people being weary in
all this.
A fresh drink of water is coming on my
people today."And Father, I thank you,
Lord, that you're touching them right
where they are. Father, as we close and
we lift up and magnify your name
today,
Father, I say we just stop and smell
the flowers.
We smell the flowers.
And I thank you, Father.
We quiet ourselves down with all that's
happening. And the urgency of where it
is, the urgency of the hour is where you
are of saying, "I don't want to be a
Martha. I want to be a Mary."Thank you,
Father. Glory to your name. Well, we
pray this video blessed you all today. I
know it's kind of different, but it's
what the Holy Spirit wanted to do. And I
pray it refreshed you. I
pray we just sing some songs
and just love on him.
Because all the other stuff, you can get
to
taking the care out of our prayer.
It's like so many
cares—the
war, all the stuff going on—and I'm
telling you, that's not where it's
at, right, Diana?
Mhm.
Absolutely.
It's just at the rest place,
and sometimes the vein is
totally different, isn't it? The river is
like going down a lazy river, and we're
just having a good old time today,
getting refreshed. So, I don't know, I
feel refreshed. I'm so thankful for it
because, I'm telling you, all the things I
see are very heavy. And sometimes I
just need to take a timeout and just
go, "It's a drink."Because sometimes
whenever you're seeing the things I see,
it's heavy, and you take that
timeout
and you just get a drink and it's like,
okay, yeah, because life is good.
Even whenever we're intercessors
and we pray our prayers, you've got to
make sure you're staying spiritually
hydrated.
Glory to God. Well, if you're new here
and
you watched all that, thank you for
being here. Thank you. I appreciate
every single one of you. If you could,
like the video, subscribe if you haven't
subscribed, click the notification bell,
click a thumbs up, do all the things
that we need to do to help the
algorithm. We keep standing. We keep
seeking him. And in this, I know we will
find him, for there is a great, mighty
harvest of souls that is about to take
place around this world from top to
bottom. I'm telling you, a major, major
move of the spirit of God. But it starts
with each one of us. And how can we do
it if we're dry?
How can we do it if we're weary? We must
be encouraged today and know that he has
a plan for our lives. And it's, "Beloved,
I wish above all things that you prosper
and be in health, even as your soul
prospers."And
if you're not prospering
in your soul, if you're not prospering
in your marriage, if you're not
prospering in all that, he wants us to
be happy. He wants us to have a
wholeness in our home.
Heaven on earth is what I believe for
every day. Heaven on earth, that it's
good days ahead, not drama. You know, we
see the drama, but we're dealing
with it.
We're dealing with it.
But sometimes, like I
said, we come to him with so
much that we say, "It's time just that
we need to rest."And that's what it was
today. It's been that way for the last
two days. He said, "Brandon, you need to
be refreshed. You have to drink
spiritual water. You have to keep
hydrated. Don't keep pouring out all the
time and not fill up the spiritual water
tank."So,
okay, I'm listening to
you, Father. And so, we're so
grateful for every single one of you.
Thank you. Remember, put a smile on your
face and a song in your heart. Jesus
loves you so much, and we love you. God
bless you all, and we'll see you again.
Bye-bye.